update search/backtracking (#88)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/search/backtracking.md

## Introduction

Backtracking is a technique often used in depth-first search (DFS) and breadth-first search (BFS) problems.

The principle of backtracking is: go back if you can't get through.

## Implementation process

1. Construct the potential search tree.

2. Start the traversal.

> 3. If the boundary condition is met, the current search will no longer continue, instead, it will turn to another path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the boundary condition is met, stop searching further and try another possibility.
```
